ra na re no brain instrument Some people never done game ak Marley
Let's make the want was the video equivalent horse
Even those who did all the playing games
Bye-bye that belongs to Hummer
OK
ana
rar
aname
Family ticket with 4,000 yen cheaper coupon included
Sazae from 7 am next week
7:30 Wakarawatera and cheerful Obatarian your Feed
Overlord This broadcast is aimed at every day from the clean and beautiful desk
For one serious person
Toyota Motor SSP Pharmaceutical
Showa grade Japan 2
We sent by offer of Nintendo Rinnaigas appliance
par 3 only the difference is going to 25 Muti
Your child is going to graduation mother
To all of you who become a member of society
Coordination of Haruki Please leave Egami group
ia Gumi-kun
rarara reirei chopper or
ear
It's also loose Cheong tei
pai
Green Jumbo Lottery Launched
09:00
Featuring the
ana
8th place An average of 30,000 days of books for that child
Rabbi Star Ryukyu 16
I was a girl who enjoys the 1st month of the month girl 3 tons
pandan
na na na na
4 types osf ward
What do you feel is new the arrival of spring
Of course there were sake and sake, and it was Ginna Nafukinoto
We will deliver the spring as limited sales of season
Have a look at the second phase of the cold new breed
A natural way even in the winter months It's a ranch on the plateau
Good family to support the Mr. Tadashi Nakahara and it aims to ideal of agriculture
To those sparkly visible of is the broadcasting of 25 Sunday
adj dan
Hmm anger
earena
ran
We will send by sponsorship offer
dare
Moody good
iphone stop now jere
ran
A symbol perfect for the new tourist catch phrase of Akita Prefecture announced last November
Mark was decided and announced today
This is a new tourist symbol
This is the new sightseeing of Hanamaru who got bored with the work of graphic designer Yasushi Horie, 46 years old in Hiroshima Prefecture
According to the catchphrase
We designed a figure of Akita excited by Kanamaru and Akita's lowercase letter motif.
It means that it is
Recruitment of symbol mark is after new sightseeing tagline was announced
Done from last year 20nov up to 10 days last month were received from outside the prefecture
Horie's football was selected from 1151 applications
In the ceremony held today at a hotel in Akita city, 110 people involved in the genealogy and tourism industry attended
Is
The work was announced and the testimony from the school student of the winner of the latte phrase is shiho
Honored by Governor Sasaki on behalf of Mr. Yasue Horie, who has won the symbol and the symbol mark
Letter was given
Ah ah ah ah
A new symbol of cheerful and full of spirit followed by a novel tagline
Based on the fact that money has been decided, a presentation will be held in Tokyo on the 23rd of this month and it will be widely known
Besides
In the future, it will be used extensively in a number of large-scale campaign projects for the opening of Akita Shinkansen.
It becomes
jkt bridal campaign dream of feathers present